in the occupied West Bank the Israeli
military is conducting a raid for a
second
day at least five people have been
killed in the operation in the city of
tul and mass arrests have been made at
the Nur Shams refugee camp Israeli
forces also raided several homes and
used bulldozers to destroy home shops
and other critical facilities n Ibrahim
is our correspondent life for us in TM
in the occupied uh West Bank and we've
been keeping a very close eye on this
Israeli military operation Nida it's day
two and there seems to be no sign that
it's about to
end yes it's hard for Palestinians to
even know when the Israeli forces are
going to leave the refugee camp
specifically that some people expected
after the news emerged of the killing of
one Palestinian who has been deemed as
one of the most wanted here in the
occupied West Bank as the head of the T
Kim Battalion from this is like the
armed group of Palestinian men fighting
the Israeli occupation they thought
maybe the Israeli uh raid will come to
an end but as we've been hearing now it
doesn't seem to be ending because we're
not only hearing a sounds from the
Israeli drone but also of bombs we're
hearing from the Battalion in tarim they
just released a statement saying that
they will continue be engaging in armed
confrontations with the Israeli forces
because of the situation and how risky
it is it's hard for us to go inside and
for much of the media but we're seeing
videos of Destruction that is looking
like something we have not seen before
and we've seen already a lot in to Karim
and in N Shams refugee camps in terms of
how much the Israeli forces are damaging
the infrastructure so we are looking at
a very large destruction and demolition
I'm just going to move away from the
picture to show you a little bit the
refugee camp it's crowded did it has
thousands and thousands of Palestinians
who have been saying that the Israeli
forces were going from one home to
another this is something we've seen
before also these Mass detentions of
Palestinians homes being turned into
detention centers uh they would be
evicted out of the residents when the
Israeli forces arrive they would stay
there and sometimes they would do what
we've been seeing a lot of lately which
is like the field interrogations of
Palestinians so anyone who lives in that
refugee camp is enduring a lot and could
be subjected to uh beating up arrests
and already when we were reporting about
the torture and the beating up in the
occupied West Bank we've seen that in
those large and long raids we see the
Israeli forces going from one house to
another in one incident one of the
witnesses was telling us that the
Israeli forces were torturing him asking
him what he knows who he knows in the
refugee camp so it's seen here as time
of like
as a way of intimidating Palestinians to
get information out of them sometimes
they this information simply does not
exist with those people who are being
tortured and arrested indeed it's an
ongoing situation of course we'll join
you through the day need there for us in
to crme